---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Which one is Marina?
datePublished: '2015-12-09T23:29:55.573Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-09T23:29:15.916Z'
title: BIO
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-09-bio.md
published: true
url: bio/index.html
_type: Blurb

---
**BIO**

Marina Orchestra isn't just another Rock N' Roll band, it's a seven-piece Trop n' Roll extravaganza complete with back up singers, horn lines and poly-rhythms galore. They've been shaking up audiences with their euphoric brand of Rock n' Roll which is steeped in African, Latin American and Caribbean musical styles. Driven by a desire to see 'listening rooms' transformed into 'dancing rooms'- The title of their sophomore album "Oceans" refers to the oceans of Marina Orchestra fans bobbing to their energetic live performances. "Everybody moves like the waves," sings frontman Justin Powers "Ringing in another day".

Powers' melodies are joined by Gia Monteleone and Ashley Shabankareh to create rich harmonies and playful call-and-response style vocals. The highly danceable poly-rhythms are constructed by team George Wilde on bass and Darryl Dimaggio III on drums. They're layered with reverb laden guitar supplied by Terry Quire and blaring trumpet provided by Hannah Krieger-Benson. They're often compared to Talking Heads and Vampire Weekend, but are influenced by King Sunny Ade, Orchestra Baobab, Sir Vicor Uwaifo, Miriam Makeba and more. Marina Orchestra is cutting out their own variety of worldbeat rock tunes for the new age of music. 

After Chicago based psych-art-punk band I Need Sleep disbanded, Powers found new opportunities in Knoxville, TN. He formed Marina Orchestra in late 2010 which quickly found its way into the hearts of fans all over the Southeast. In 2015, Powers re-settled in New Orleans to party with a music scene that is close to his heart. Releasing their first album "Take on the Silence" in 2012 the band then played Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival.  Sharing the stage with acts like Rubbelbucket, Future Islands and Sierra Leone's Refugee All-Stars, Marina Orchestra has been making waves wherever they go. 

2016 will see the re-release of their 2nd studio album "OCEANS" as well as an EP titled "WILDLANDS".